README.md, before:

# FreeBSD CI configuration for libvirt/bhyve
## Overview

Goal of this project is to create reproducible way of setting up
of a CI instance to run libvirt integration tests on FreeBSD.

This project is sponsored by [The FreeBSD Foundation](https://freebsdfoundation.org/).

Testing is built around the [libvirt-tck](https://gitlab.com/libvirt/libvirt-tck)
project. Tests are executed in a jail managed by BastilleBSD.

## Host setup

Unfortunately, the host setup is not automated yet.

Package installation:

```
# pkg install bastille poudriere jenkins
```

Jenkins needs to be enabled in `rc.conf`:

```
jenkins_enable="YES"
```

BastilleBSD needs to be set up using:

```
# bastille setup
# bastille bootstrap 14.3-RELEASE
```

Poudriere needs to have a ports tree and a jail:

```
# poudriere jail -c -j 14amd64 -v 14.3-RELEASE
# poudriere ports -c
# sudo poudriere ports -c -p libvirt_devel -m git+file -U https://github.com/novel/libvirt-ports-overlay.git
```

## See also

Repository with the ports overlay: [libvirt-ports-overlay](https://github.com/novel/libvirt-ports-overlay.git)

## TODO

 - Document (or better create a script) to install Bastille template and related files
 - Or even better, implement `prepare_host.sh`?
 - Figure out how to export Jenkins job configuration (Job DSL or similar)
 - Figure out how to parametrize job, e.g. to use a different repo/branch for libvirt-tck

Commit message:

README.md: document Jenkins jobs setup

README.md, after:

# FreeBSD CI configuration for libvirt/bhyve
## Overview

Goal of this project is to create reproducible way of setting up
of a CI instance to run libvirt integration tests on FreeBSD.

This project is sponsored by [The FreeBSD Foundation](https://freebsdfoundation.org/).

Testing is built around the [libvirt-tck](https://gitlab.com/libvirt/libvirt-tck)
project. Tests are executed in a jail managed by BastilleBSD.

## Host setup

Unfortunately, the host setup is not automated yet.

Package installation:

```
# pkg install bastille poudriere jenkins
```

Jenkins needs to be enabled in `rc.conf`:

```
jenkins_enable="YES"
```

BastilleBSD needs to be set up using:

```
# bastille setup
# bastille bootstrap 14.3-RELEASE
```

Poudriere needs to have a ports tree and a jail:

```
# poudriere jail -c -j 14amd64 -v 14.3-RELEASE
# poudriere ports -c
# sudo poudriere ports -c -p libvirt_devel -m git+file -U https://github.com/novel/libvirt-ports-overlay.git
```

---

## Jenkins Setup

The [Job DSL](https://plugins.jenkins.io/job-dsl/) plugin is used to define jobs.

Please refer to the plugin's page for information how to create a seed job.

Seed Job params:

 - Add a Git repo, and use URL of this repo: `https://github.com:novel/libvirt-freebsd-ci.git`
 - Process Job DSLs -> Look on Filesystem -> DSL Scripts: `jenkins/*.groovy`

Might consider enabling `Poll SCM`. After running a job, might need approve the new scripts
in `Manage Jenkins / In-process Script Approval`.

## See also

Repository with the ports overlay: [libvirt-ports-overlay](https://github.com/novel/libvirt-ports-overlay.git)

## TODO

 - Document (or better create a script) to install Bastille template and related files
 - Or even better, implement `prepare_host.sh`?
